Now talk.
It's easy to find books, CDs and online courses to practice English, but I want to talk
to a native English speaker.
I went to England and I got lots of practice talking to people.
Then I came home.
I quickly lost my new skills because I didn't have anyone to talk to.
I speak English every week.
I use now talk.
It's a website that helps you use and remember your spoken English.
This is how now talk works.
We meet on the internet and have an English conversation which lasts for one hour, once
a week, for four weeks.
Although it's not a private course, we get a lot of speaking practice because there are
only four students for one teacher.
We use Skype.
It's an internet programme you can use to talk to anyone in the world.
Call now talk for more information.